Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the Flower Shop app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Royal Lily (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as an Ad Supported service.

Information Collection and Use

The Application does not collect any information when you download and use it. However, the application may transfer information to third parties. This information may include information such as

   Your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address)
   Advertising ID
   The pages of the Application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages
   The time spent on the Application
   The operating system name and version you use on your mobile device
   The language of the operating system
   The device’s time zone
   The amount of free memory on the device
   Battery status
   The name of the mobile carrier
   Internet connection type (e.g. WiFi)

The Application does not gather precise information about the location of your mobile device.

Third Party Access

Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:

   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
   [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)
   [Unity](https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy)
   [IronSource}(https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy)

The Service Provider may disclose User Provided and Automatically Transmitted Information:

   as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
   when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;

Opt-Out Rights

You can stop all transmission of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

Data Retention Policy

The Service Provider does not collect or store user data, however Third parties to whom information is transferred will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for 6 months thereafter. If you'd like them to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at royallily.flowershop@gmail.com and we will respond in a reasonable time.

Children

The Service Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

The Application address anyone. The Service Provider does not knowingly collect and does not knowingly transmit personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact the Service Provider (royallily.flowershop@gmail.com) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions.

Security

The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. Information transmitted by The Service Provider is encrypted.

Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2024-05-18

Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.

Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at royallily.flowershop@gmail.com.